README.md, before:

# Releasing Open Source

You want to release something as open source? Awesome! It's up to you to get it ready, but don't worry, you are never alone. Open a [new issue](issues/new?template=new-release.md) to get started. [Consider these questions as you start to open source the project.](docs/key-questions-for-choosing-projects.md)

## What should be open source?

It's easier to answer this question in terms of what should **not** be open sourced:

1. Don't open source anything that represents core business value.  If it makes us lots of money by being closed source, don't open source it.
2. Don't open source anything that is specific to internal processes. If it won't be useful to anyone that doesn't work here, don't open source it.
3. Don't open source anything you can't commit to maintaining long-term. Some projects are inherently difficult to maintain. If you don't want to spend time accepting contributions and working with the open source community, don't open source it.

## Open Source Maintainer Expectations

Before you open source your project, consider the effort required to maintain it. Being an great open source maintainer requires more effort than managing a closed source project. Read our [Maintainer Guide](docs/maintainers-guide.md) to understand what will be expected of you.

## FAQ

#### Who owns the code I contribute to open source projects?

## License

This repository is licensed under [CC-BY-4.0](../LICENSE) (c) 2019 GitHub, Inc.

Commit message:

Docs: add frequently asked questions and answers

README.md, after:

# Releasing Open Source

You want to release something as open source? Awesome! It's up to you to get it ready, but don't worry, you are never alone. Open a [new issue](issues/new?template=new-release.md) to get started. [Consider these questions as you start to open source the project.](docs/key-questions-for-choosing-projects.md)

## What should be open source?

It's easier to answer this question in terms of what should **not** be open sourced:

1. Don't open source anything that represents core business value.  If it makes us lots of money by being closed source, don't open source it.
2. Don't open source anything that is specific to internal processes. If it won't be useful to anyone that doesn't work here, don't open source it.
3. Don't open source anything you can't commit to maintaining long-term. Some projects are inherently difficult to maintain. If you don't want to spend time accepting contributions and working with the open source community, don't open source it.

## Open Source Maintainer Expectations

Before you open source your project, consider the effort required to maintain it. Being an great open source maintainer requires more effort than managing a closed source project. Read our [Maintainer Guide](docs/maintainers-guide.md) to understand what will be expected of you.

## FAQ

#### Who owns the code I contribute to open source projects?

> **Answer:** [@ThesllaDev](https://github.com/ThesllaDev)

#### Who should I contact in case of doubt?

> **Answer:** If you have questions you can open an Issue in this repository stating what your doubts are

####  How should someone contact me if I have questions?

> **Answer:** After opening an Issue someone will respond in the comments of the same 

#### What are the first steps to start opening a project's source code?

> **Answer:** [Consider these questions as you start to open source the project.](docs/key-questions-for-choosing-projects.md)

#### How does this repository relate to other projects and business objectives?

> **Answer:** This repository is open source and its main objective is to help anyone who wants to start transforming their projects into open source 

## License

This repository is licensed under [CC-BY-4.0](../LICENSE) (c) 2019 GitHub, Inc.
