templates/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing

[fork]: https://github.com/ORG/REPO/fork
[pr]: https://github.com/ORG/REPO/compare
[style]: STYLEGUIDE
[code-of-conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Hi there! We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your help is essential for keeping it great.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct]. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Submitting a pull request

0. [Fork][fork] and clone the repository
0. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
0. Make your change and remember to add tests
0. Build the project locally and run local tests
0. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr]
0. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow the [style guide][link to styleguide].
- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, submit them as separate pull requests.
- Write [good commit messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)

Commit message:

Docs: update contributing.md
1. Update: main title
2. Add: thank you description
3. Update code of conduct phrase
4. Add: options to contribute
5. Add: about Issues

templates/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the project

[fork]: https://github.com/ORG/REPO/fork
[pr]: https://github.com/ORG/REPO/compare
[style]: STYLEGUIDE
[code-of-conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md


👍😍💖🎉 Hello! First of all, thank you for taking the time to contribute! Your help is essential to keep it excellent. 🎉💖😍👍

Please note that this project is in accordance with a [Contributor Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct]. By participating, you are expected to keep this code. Report unacceptable behavior to [enterprise email](mailto:coc@enterprise.org].

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to project. These are guidelines only, not rules, use your common sense and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

**How Can I Contribute?**
  * Reporting Bugs
  * Suggesting Enhancements
  * Translation

## [Issues](https://docs.github.com/pt/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-issues)

Issues are created [here](https://github.com/ThesllaDev/oss-enterprise/issues/new).

* [About creating an issue/problem](https://docs.github.com/pt/github/managing-your-work-on-github/creating-an-issue)

### Issue Closure

Bug reports will be closed if the issue has been inactive and the latest affected version no longer receives support.
_If an issue has been closed and you still feel it's relevant, feel free to ping a maintainer or add a comment!_

## Submitting a pull request

0. [Fork][fork] and clone the repository
0. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
0. Make your change and remember to add tests
0. Build the project locally and run local tests
0. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr]
0. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow the [style guide][link to styleguide].
- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, submit them as separate pull requests.
- Write [good commit messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)
